v0.28.0 closes #583 (#584)
turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws: CHANGELOG.md

> ## v0.28.0 [2021-08-04]

Reviewer: When releasing, please remember to update this date

_What's new?_

- New tables added

>   - [aws_emr_cluster_metric_isidle](https://hub.steampipe.io/plugins/turbot/aws/tables/aws_emr_cluster_metric_isidle) ([#570](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws/pull/570))

Reviewer: Not a comment on the release note, but should we change this table name/file name to be `aws_emr_cluster_metric_is_idle` instead? Other metric tables have underscores in the metric names.

_Bug fixes_

> - Fixed: Exception handling for organization trail arn in `aws_cloud_trail` ([#578](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws/pull/578))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed: `aws_cloudtrail_trail` table is now smarter when hydrating data for shadow trails (global and organization) ([#578](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws/pull/578))
```

The table name in the original note was also correct, sometimes the commit message has the wrong table name (which is another issue), but the release note author should review commit messages and fix any mistakes in the notes.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Remove extra newlines

> - Fixed: Panic run time error in hydrate function getAwsVpcRouteTurbotData for `aws_vpc_route` ([#581](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws/pull/581))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed: Route tables with IPv6 routes no longer cause queries to fail in the `aws_vpc_route` table ([#581](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws/pull/581))
```

We should add more context here so users understand what cases have been fixed they may have been encountering. 

We should try to stay away from mentioning function names in the release notes as well, as these notes are meant to be more readable, and users can look at the code changes to see what functions have been affected.
